Git_Basic.rst, before:

**Getting a Git Repository**

You typically obtain a Git repository in one of two ways:

1. You can take a local directory that is currently not under version control, and turn it into a Git
repository, or
2. You can clone an existing Git repository from elsewhere.

In either case, you end up with a Git repository on your local machine, ready for work.
Initializing a Repository in an Existing Directory

If you have a project directory that is currently not under version control and you want to start
controlling it with Git, you first need to go to that project’s directory. If you’ve never done this, it
looks a little different depending on which system you’re running:

:for Linux:
``$ cd /home/user/my_project``
:for Mac:
  ``$ cd /Users/user/my_project``
:for Windows:
  ``$ cd /c/user/my_project``
and type:
     ``$ git init``

This creates a new subdirectory named .git that contains all of your necessary repository files — a
Git repository skeleton. At this point, nothing in your project is tracked yet.

Commit message:

Fix formatting and add git command to start version-controlling

Git_Basic.rst, after:

**Getting a Git Repository**

You typically obtain a Git repository in one of two ways:

1. You can take a local directory that is currently not under version control, and turn it into a Git
repository, or
2. You can clone an existing Git repository from elsewhere.

In either case, you end up with a Git repository on your local machine, ready for work.
Initializing a Repository in an Existing Directory

If you have a project directory that is currently not under version control and you want to start
controlling it with Git, you first need to go to that project’s directory. If you’ve never done this, it
looks a little different depending on which system you’re running:

:for Linux:
``$ cd /home/user/my_project``

:for Mac:
``$ cd /Users/user/my_project``

:for Windows:
``$ cd /c/user/my_project``

and type:
``$ git init``

This creates a new subdirectory named .git that contains all of your necessary repository files — a
Git repository skeleton. At this point, nothing in your project is tracked yet.

If you want to start version-controlling existing files (as opposed to an empty directory), you should
probably begin tracking those files and do an initial commit. 

You can accomplish that with a few
git add commands that specify the files you want to track, followed by a git commit:

``$ git add *.c``
``$ git add README``
``$ git commit -m 'Add README file initial version control'``
